[man coughs]
[door opens]
[curtain opens]
[door closes]
[curtain closes]
In the name of the Father,
the Son,
and the Holy Spirit.
VICTOR: Forgive me, Father,
for I have sinned.
We need to talk.
Are there any sacraments
you do respect, Mr. LeConte?
All of them.
That's why I do what I do.
That's why you do what you do.
So holy men and women
can keep their hands clean.
I won't help you with Kristen
and her daughter.
VICTOR:
That's not what this is about.
What "what" is about?
The Monsignor
will be approaching you
in the next few days
with an emergency assessment.
You will do what is asked.
Which is?
I don't know.
But someone
during the assessment
will say the word "honky-tonk."
When you hear this word,
you will count
to the 12th word
spoken after it,
and that is the word
you will bring back to me.
Are you nuts?
I couldn't be more
deathly serious.
Once again, you will hear
the word "honky-tonk,"
then you will count to the
12th word spoken after that.
That is the word I need to hear.
-And why am I doing this?
-That is confidential.
All I can tell you is, it has
nothing to do with Kristen.
When you have the 12th word,
you will call this number.
I'm leaving it here on the seat.
You will call the number
and say,
"My Shiba Inu is limping,
and I need to speak
to Dr. Michael."
This is all a game to you,
isn't it?
A very serious game,
and one we have to play
to protect the holy.
Amen.
Thank you, Father.
[curtain opens]
[door opens]
[curtain closes]
[door closes]
[clock ticking]
Hi there.
Long time no see.
[softly]:
No, this is not...
happening again.
You were gone.
Wake up, sleepyhead.
Look who I have with me.
Hi, Mom.
No.
Wake up.
Were you a good girl today
or a bad one?
-I was good.
-Yay.
Look at my new video.
I'm getting a lot of upvotes.
KRISTEN:
Close your...
eyes.
Close your eyes.
Tighter.
[gasps]
[exhales]
Holy fuck.
[groans]
[sighs]
[phone buzzing]
-Kristen?
-David, I need
to talk to you right now.
On my way.
[train horn honking]
[exhales]
-[knock on door]
-Come in.
We need to talk.
Good.
I need some questions answered.
Victor LeConte told me
that I was being pursued
by Leland Townsend,
from the very beginning,
that he had designs
on one of my daughters,
and that he was grooming her
through me.
Is this correct?
-That's what he said.
-You don't believe him?
I believe a spy sees everything
as a conspiracy.
Okay, we'll get back to that.
Everything that's happened
in the last two years,
from the moment
that Leland approached me
to now,
has been by design?
That's what Victor thinks.
What about your designs?
What do you mean?
Your pursuit of me,
from the moment
you invited me to do this job
to our relationship now,
has everything been by design?
What?
No.
If Leland was pursuing me
from the beginning,
are you saying that
it's just coincidental
that you invited me to do
this job at that exact time?
Look, I can't speak
to what Leland thinks.
I can only say that I invited
you to be an assessor
based on your talent,
not because of some design.
And why should I trust you?
Because I tell you the truth.
No, you don't. No, you haven't.
How long have you been working
for the Entity?
All those mysterious phone calls
in the last couple weeks,
they've all been
from this LeConte guy?
And every time,
you lied about it?
You can't even talk to me now
because everything you say
will be a lie.
I agreed to work
with Victor LeConte.
He was doing good work,
and I thought
it was a way to help God.
And he asked you to lie to me.
I couldn't tell anyone
about the work I did with them.
I couldn't even tell
the Monsignor.
KRISTEN:
David, I don't believe
in God and the Church,
but I always liked that you did
because it gave me
something to aspire to,
something to admire.
But you're
just like everyone else.
[sighs]
You're right.
Forgive me.
-So, now what?
-Now
I tell you everything I know
about their pursuit of RSM.
And Lexis?
Yes.
-Wait, wh-what are you doing?
-I have to go check something.
And our work?
I need the money,
but I feel pretty fucked over,
and it's gonna take me a while
to adjust to that.
[phone whooshes]
-[knock on door]
-[door opens]
[sighs]
-You okay?
-[groans]
-Thank you.
-No problem.
-What have you got?
-Okay.
No,
I want an adult drink.
I'm an adult.
-I want to drink like one.
-[laughs]
Okay.
-Oh, my God.
-What?
Even your adult drinks
look like kids' drinks.
-I got it, I got it.
-Oh, no, I got it.
So...
-you want a progress report?
-I do.
I'm sorry to be so anxious.
Okay, this one is last year.
Our first motion
for production of records.
-Right.
-This one was six months ago.
Our first lawsuit
for production of same.
-Yeah.
-This is their first rejection.
Okay, yeah, it's all
coming back to me.
This one is two months ago.
Our threatened lawsuit
of $43 million.
[sighs] Right.
This is RSM's alarmed response
one week later.
And this... Whew, girl.
This is the judge's
summary judgment against RSM
to produce your missing egg
or be held liable.
-And this-- smell this.
-[sniffs]
[sniffs] You can almost
smell their sweat.
That's what threatening a $43
million suit does to grown men.
-[chuckles]
-Thank you, Yasmine.
Mm.
That's always the most fun part.
They admitted
there was a 12th egg
and that their filing system
made the error.
So, I do have another egg
out there?
And they have a lead on it.
Okay, a lead.
Wh-What does that mean exactly?
You may want another sip.
-Uh-oh.
-I sued for their records,
and they indicate
that your missing egg
was mistakenly donated
to medical research.
-Okay, so it's been destroyed?
-Probably.
There is a chance your egg
was donated to a couple.
Wait, what?
Donated... donated where?
This medical research facility
has donated eggs
to recipient couples
in the past.
I'll stay on it if you want.
-Yeah, that would be great.
-Okay.
Is Kristen on the team anymore?
-Yes.
-Uh...
I called her.
She said she's coming.
KORECKI:
Okay, well, let's start.
This is an emergency assessment.
A friend of the parish
has a toy store,
and this came from it.
BEN: Okay. What are
we looking at, haunted toys?
KORECKI:
Use the wand.
WAND:
See you in hell.
[chuckles] Okay.
That's creepy, but, uh,
probably just a prank
in the manufacturing.
It's not just that toy.
A lot of the toys
are causing problems.
Kristen.
KRISTEN:
Monsignor, Ben.
David.
-We getting costumes with that?
-Yeah, you're the princess.
-A haunted toy store.
-Seriously?
-WAND: See you in hell.
-KORECKI: The store manager
has complained that his patrons
have been returning
some of the items,
and some have complained
of demonic infestation
coming from the toys.
-Sounds like busywork.
-Possibly,
but just look into it.
You're quiet today, David.
Uh, long night.
CHUCK:
These are the returns
just from last week.
-Everybody's terrified of them.
-BEN: Why?
Just something creepy
about them.
I showed the parish
the Little Princess Magic Wand.
Here's four more, same thing.
And the stuffed animals, too.
Look at them.
-So, why did people buy 'em?
-CHUCK: They weren't like that
when they bought them.
They were like this.
These all look like knockoffs.
You think there's a chance
there was a problem
in the manufacturing?
CHUCK: I guess, but what
is the problem?
And why?
Why are people so creeped out?
Ben.
Okay, come on. This is a prank.
Really? "Help me, I'm in hell"?
We looked into that
as a possibility,
but the only thing that these
toys have in common is timing.
The returns started
about two weeks ago,
even though we've sold
these products for years
-and had no issues.
-KRISTEN: So something occurred
two weeks ago that affected
the existing stock?
Sounds like contagious hysteria.
One person says something's
wrong, and then everybody does.
Or a demonic presence.
[door opens, bell jingles]
Can I take these home
and analyze them?
Yes, please.
[music playing in distance]
What's that?
Oh, yeah, that.
It's a honky-tonk next door.
They're always rehearsing early.
We complain,
but it never matters.
Never matters?
Never.
What was it?
12th word. "Matters."
"Matter" or "matters"?
"Matters." Why?
Seven letters.
One, two, three,
four,
five,
six, seven.
Is it about Grace? Grace Ling?
I can't tell you that.
Thank you, David.
You have offered a great service
to the Church and God today.
Can you get Grace out now?
I can't tell you, but...
she is alive.
[door opens]
[door closes]
["Pop Goes the Weasel" playing]
[music slows, distorts]
[music stops]
[crank squeaks]
["Pop Goes the Weasel" playing]
[music slows]
[music stops]
[screams, laughs]
["Pop Goes the Weasel" playing]
[music slows, distorts]
[music stops]
[object clatters]
[jack-in-the-box clown
screams, laughs]
♪
[gasps]
Move.
[heavy breathing]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
♪
[gasps]
[door creaking]
[crying]
[groans]
[crying continues]
[sucking]
[shushing]
[whimpering]
-[grunts]
-[sucking]
[grunts]
It's okay.
[crying]
[woman screams]
[phone buzzing]
Hey, Kristen.
KRISTEN [over phone]:
Hi, Yasmine. I'm-I'm so sorry.
I just had a nightmare, and I...
I just need to know...
YASMINE [over phone]:
Yes.
Yes, what?
I just found out
a few hours ago.
Your egg wasn't donated
to medical research.
It was donated to another
fertility clinic.
I was gonna call you
in the morning.
Where is it?
It's been fertilized,
and it's been implanted
into another woman.
["Alouette" playing]
[woman singing in French]
WOMAN [over record]: Now,
children, it's time to write.
[singing in French]
KURT:
Damn it.
Why is it so hard?
[singing along in French]
So...
you're trying to catch me?
Just try.
LELAND:
So, tell me about this hair.
It's Sister Andrea's.
It's what you wanted.
It's kind of light.
I hope the good sister's
not going bald.
Where's your end of the deal?
The muse isn't coming.
LELAND:
This amount would maybe
buy you a few commas,
not much more. [chuckles]
You got it out of her comb,
didn't you?
Her drain.
And you didn't say I couldn't.
[music stops]
LELAND:
Here's my idea.
The subject matter of your book,
it's fairly well-trodden ground,
isn't it?
-Not the way I'm writing it.
-Have you ever
seen a real-life possession?
-I've been to an exorcism.
-No, I'm not talking
about somebody tied to their bed
by the cowardly clergy.
I'm talking about someone free,
unfettered,
and completely consumed
by the demonic.
Would that be interesting?
Very.
Good.
There. It's tomorrow night.
-Wear a red tie.
-YASMINE: You ready?
Nope.
We don't need to do this.
-I know.
-Okay.
Take your time, take your time.
I'll meet you inside, okay?
All right.
YASMINE:
How far along are you?
WYATT:
As the Wendigs' lawyer,
I want to make clear,
we agreed to this meeting
as a goodwill gesture.
It's an innocent
question, Wyatt.
I just want to be clear. My
client's answering your question
-does not constitute
an agreement.
Oh, my God, give it a break.
It will be eight months
next week.
-I'm really sorry this happened.
-Don't say that.
KRISTEN:
I'm sorry, too.
I'm not quite sure
how we ended up here.
I...
I thought my egg
had been destroyed, so...
The clinic told us it came
from an anonymous donor.
KRISTEN:
Right.
It's weird. These...
life-changing events just seem
to come from... accidents.
While it may be your egg, ma'am,
my client fertilized it,
making it 50%
his genetic material.
But my client's genetic
material was acquired
-by an illegal act...
-VALERIE: Look, please.
Kristen...
I couldn't have a baby.
I thought it was over for me.
But then we got a call
from the clinic.
You have to understand,
this is a miracle for us.
[chuckles]
I'm having a baby.
A little girl.
Sara.
And I have clothes for her.
I have a room.
And I love her. I will love her.
I-I understand.
It's... [sniffles]
I'm not trying to... [sniffles]
undercut your joy.
I want you to be
a part of her life.
We will not agree
to joint custody.
VALERIE:
Please shut up.
This isn't about that.
This is about two moms.
I'd like that.
Sara's a great name.
It was my grandmother's.
Kristen, can we talk?
Sure.
Uh...
I-I know this is all
really weird.
The entire situation.
But is there anything
we should know?
What do you mean?
We just heard rumors
about the fertility clinic.
That there was something...
wrong there.
Is that true?
Mr. Wendig, I-I-I think
you should talk to your lawyer.
Yeah, I will,
but if there's anything
you could warn us about,
that would be... helpful.
Did anything happen?
Um...
Valerie's just had such a...
a hard pregnancy, and...
then...
when I listened
to the baby's heartbeat,
I-I heard, um...
You're worried
about the baby's heart?
No, it sounded...
like something else.
Like what?
A...
growl.
Look, I-I know that sounds
crazy, but it-it sounded just...
not normal. Like...
an animal.
Mr. Wendig,
anxiety is normal
for an expectant parent.
I had it as well.
Yeah, you're probably right.
That...
-that makes a lot of sense.
-Yeah.
[sighs] Thanks.
-KRISTEN: What is it?
-BEN: It's a severed finger.
It was inside the Wizard Ball.
-What?
-Yeah, there was a
severed finger
inside the Wizard Ball.
Oh, my God.
I'm, uh, trying to
trace it back
to the manufacturer
because I am guessing that
there was someone there
who had their finger chopped off
in the manufacturing.
Anyway, what have you found?
What do you mean?
-You wanted to talk.
-Oh. Uh...
Yeah, maybe later.
It's not quite up to a finger
in a Wizard Ball.
Kristen, I'm looking for a
distraction from this craziness.
Tell me.
-Genetics.
-Mm-hmm.
Do you think RSM Fertility
could've deleted
the empathy gene?
["Pop Goes the Weasel" playing
from jack-in-the-box]
[music slows, distorts]
[music stops]
Well, theoretically,
certain personality traits
can be genetically modified,
but only theoretically.
Is this about Lexis?
Because, hey,
she's a good kid,
you're a good mother.
You just keep doing
what you're doing.
No, no, no. Um...
We've located my, uh,
-my missing egg, and, um...
-Mm-hmm.
...it's been implanted,
and the father thinks
something may be wrong.
-Like-like what?
-I don't know.
Nothing. I-I mean,
he's just, um...
I like the mother.
She-she, uh...
I just don't want
anything bad to happen.
[phone buzzing]
Hey, David.
Yup, he's here.
Okay-doke, yup, we'll come.
Okay. Bye.
-Another case?
-No, same one.
-Another possessed toy.
-Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Did I give you what you wanted?
I don't know.
It's just that the...
the father's worried
about genetics,
and I just don't know
what to tell him.
Nature vs. nurture.
That's what you say.
I would bet on nurture
every time.
Is that a friend speaking,
or a scientist?
Both.
LI:
Thank you for coming.
The store manager told me
you were looking into these...
strange cases.
Can you tell us what happened?
Uh, this.
[game chimes]
It spells out "Satan-One."
Not today.
It did several times last night.
Really freaked out
the kids and my wife.
They slept in the living room.
[Charlotte screaming]
-Honey, honey, w-w-what's wrong?
-It burns!
It burns!
-[stammers]
-What-what burns?
My head.
Has this happened before?
She complained of her head
hurting last night.
We went out
to a country western bar,
a lot of really loud
honky-tonk music.
-Honky-tonk?
-KRISTEN: Did you call a doctor?
LI: I thought she was
having a headache.
Told her to ignore it.
I shouldn't have done that.
KRISTEN: I think you need
to call a doctor.
[Charlotte breathing heavily]
[line ringing]
MAN [recording]: Paws & Claws
Friendly Vet Services.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
-[beeps]
-My Shiba Inu
is limping,
and I need Dr. Michael
to call back.
ONLOOKERS [chanting]:
Ave Santana.
I call on thee to enter me.
I call on thee to enter.
ONLOOKERS:
Ave Santana.
Who is he?
One of my patients, Seth.
KURT:
Who are all these people?
Possession chasers.
They're here for a show.
[coughing]
SETH:
He's here now. He's in me.
I can feel him.
I can feel his power.
You've heard of rebirthing
therapy as a treatment for
-reactive attachment disorder?
-Sure.
Well, I do the same thing,
except with demonic therapy.
The subject invites
the demonic in,
and then expels it.
It's often the only way
to reach the grossly reactive.
[screaming]
-Jesus.
-ONLOOKERS: Ave Santana.
Ave Santana. Ave Santana.
I am with you.
This is something else.
[chuckles] Extraordinary.
No, I'll tell you what's
extraordinary: experiencing it.
Being on the inside.
Not observing, being.
KURT:
What do you mean?
Tom Wolfe, Hunter S. Thompson,
gonzo journalism.
This is what your book needs.
You becoming possessed,
then having the demon expelled,
then you write about it.
-ONLOOKERS: Ave Santana.
-How do I do that?
Ave Santana.
You called?
The assessment we're on, the
one with the word I gave you?
-"Matters"?
-Yes.
We were called to the house
of a man named Li Zhang.
-Is that name familiar?
-No.
His wife, Charlotte, was
supposedly possessed by a toy,
but I could tell it was an act.
-Okay.
-While we were observing her,
assessing her,
her husband said the word
"honky-tonk."
It came out of nowhere.
I counted 12 words after it,
and the word was "ignore."
He said,
"We were listening to a lot
"of really loud
honky-tonk music.
"I thought she was
having a headache.
Told her to ignore it."
I have no idea what message
you're waiting for,
but I think there was a mistake
in the transmission,
and this is the real message.
"Ignore."
Either "ignore"
what you received before,
or count six letters,
not seven.
The message was delivered.
Your service here is complete.
Sir, wait.
Nobody just says "honky-tonk."
Maybe this is the message.
David,
you have proven yourself to be
an effective intermediary,
but remember,
that is all you are.
You serve others,
and they are satisfied.
[footsteps retreating]
[door opens]
[door closes]
-KRISTEN: And here we are.
-VALERIE: Wow.
[Valerie laughs softly]
Here. Some more onesies.
You can really
never have too many.
-Aw. Thank you.
-They will poop all over them.
-[both laugh]
-Thank you, Kristen.
You know, it's really nice
to talk to someone
who's been through this before.
I don't have any sisters.
-How are you feeling?
-I'm fine.
Yeah. Though I've been
having these wild dreams.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Everything is engulfed
in flames, and I can't get out.
I can hear my baby crying,
but I can't reach her.
-Mm.
-Should I be worried?
No, I had the exact same thing.
With one of my pregnancies.
It's a heightened level
of progesterone.
Hormones. Yep, that makes sense.
Actually, who I'm worried
about is Logan.
He's having a hard time.
[grunting]
Are you tearing out
all your plants?
[chuckles]
Did you know hellebore
are basically lethal?
So are azalea and lilies.
I mean, we were growing a whole
death trap garden out here.
Well, I'm sure you wouldn't
allow your baby out
to graze on the plants,
but yeah, that's...
It's always good to be safe.
Yeah, it's the least I can do.
[chuckles]
By the way, um, I can refer you
to someone if you'd like,
uh, about that thing that
we spoke about, the anxiety?
Oh, uh, nah, that's all right.
[sighs]
I just, I-I see how much
Valerie is suffering and...
-how little I can do, you know?
-Yeah.
Did you hear any more
of the growling
-from-from Valerie?
-[chuckles] No.
Uh, that's gone.
-Well, that's great.
-Yeah. [laughs]
[claps hands rapidly]
[cultivator thuds into dirt]
[indistinct chatter]
LEXIS:
So, this is where you work?
Yeah, I thought you might
want to meet my boss.
But not Lynn, Laura and Lila?
Well, um... Here.
See, uh, you're special, Lexis.
And I thought I'd take one
granddaughter at a time to work.
-Do you always bring
your boss cookies?
Biscuits.
Yeah, yeah, he loves them.
Listen, um...
[sighs]
...I want to warn you.
He might not look
like you expect.
-What do you mean?
-I mean...
some people think
he looks a little mean
and sometimes he, like,
smells a little weird.
But you just have to be
friendly and smile, okay?
And then we can talk
about it later.
-Now you're scaring me.
-No, no, no, no.
I just want you to be ready.
MANAGER:
All right, I got five minutes.
Let's go.
[Sheryl clears throat]
Sir, I brought
my granddaughter Lexis
and, uh, we have
a present for you.
MANAGER:
Is it what I think it is?
Yes. We brought you biscuits.
Hello.
-Lexis, was it?
-Yes, sir.
Please. Help yourself.
I hear so much
about you from Sheryl.
She thinks you have
a great future in store for you.
So, what grade are you in?
-Fifth grade.
-MANAGER: Wow.
Well, maybe someday
you can work here.
We need bright young people.
Does that sound good?
It does, but I really
want to be a doctor.
Well, we need more doctors
in our genetics division.
Well, I should get back to work.
Thank you for the biscuits.
LEXIS:
You're welcome.
[retching]
[slurps]
[exhales]
Lexis.
How many eyes does
the Manager have?
-How many eyes?
-Yeah.
Two. Why?
[laughs]
Oof. Now what?
Now you recite the prayer.
"Satan, force of power,
-force of enlightenment."
-[knocks on door]
Keep going. I'll get that.
"Satan, force of power...
Leland, I have to t...
-Boggs.
-Oh, shit.
Okay, I think you're wrong
about Lexis.
-You tested her?
-Yeah, she didn't see him.
-Not as he was.
-I'm not wrong.
She just needs more
of the right influence.
It's not over yet.
I'm finished!
Do you want me to say it again?
Yes, please!
Lucifer loves persistence.
If she's not the one,
she's the ambassador.
KURT: "I call on you to fill
my body, my soul..."
Regarding this honky-tonk,
I'm having trouble
delivering the message.
Why?
There are two
conflicting messages.
They don't believe yours.
If they don't believe mine,
Grace won't survive.
Then give me something
to convince them. Please.
My wife and I are putting
our lives at risk doing this.
I understand. Help me.
Talk to Lau, not Xi.
"Talk to Lau, not Xi"?
[line ringing]
MAN [recording]: Paws & Claws
Friendly Vet Services.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
[phone beeps]
"Talk to Lau, not Xi."
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
VICTOR:
Where did you get that?
From the source
I discussed earlier.
He said if you don't believe
him, Grace won't survive.
You compromised us.
No, I haven't done anything
but deliver a message.
Now it's up to you.
Sir?
2200 Lexington. Downstairs.
The Chapel.
You want me to come?
[phone beeps off]
Victor LeConte?
Victor LeConte mi ha chiesto
di venire qui.
Mi occuperoò io di lui.
[loud, indistinct chatter]
You need to tell him exactly
as it was told to you.
You'll only have a few seconds.
Wait here.
Mi scusi, Signor.
Our intermediary has heard
information that you must know.
[sighs]
[David clears throat quietly]
What did you hear?
Parla a Lau, non a Xi.
Yes. Very much.
Thank you.
[Lau speaking Chinese]
You did very well.
The Vatican will be pleased.
Now go home.
What about Grace? Where is she?
We'll find out. Go home.
["Alouette" playing]
[woman singing in French]
[Kurt laughing]
[woman continues singing]
Oh!
I have made fire!
Ah, ah!
[shouts]
["Alouette" playing rapidly]
Don't disappoint me.
Come on.
Boop.
All right, so, the Wizard Ball,
the jack-in-the-box,
the Princess Wand,
they were all manufactured
-in the same province in China.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-KRISTEN: Ben thinks
they were all produced
at the same labor camps.
Yeah, and these
were messages that were being
sent out by the workers.
Not the finger. That was just
malfunctioning machinery.
I think they're part
of an underground organization
used to transfer secret messages
out of Chinese labor camps.
How do you know?
Victor LeConte.
BEN:
What does Victor LeConte
have to do with any of this?
The Entity is trying to get
Grace Ling out of China.
-Oh, my God. Seriously?
-DAVID: Yes.
We shouldn't draw attention
to the toy store.
We can only get them hurt.
Understood.
[phone buzzing]
Oh, sorry, I have to get this.
-[receding footsteps]
-Valerie?
-Valerie, are you okay?
-LOGAN: Kristen, it's Logan.
Something is happening
to Valerie.
What is it?
Uh, does she need an ambulance?
No, no.
Uh, she won't listen to me.
She refuses
to see anyone but you.
Okay, um, has her water broke?
-I-I don't know.
-All right, I'll be right there.
Kristen.
-I have to head out.
-I need to say something first.
I don't want to disappoint you,
or myself.
But I do believe in something
that goes beyond both of us.
I know you don't believe in God,
but I do.
And that requires an action
that is beyond what we have.
I don't know how else to say it,
but I care for you
more than anyone I know.
But when God
demands something of me...
...I have to obey.
I wish I understood.
I know. That's okay.
As long as you know
how much you matter to me.
David, I love you.
I hate saying that,
because it sounds like
I mean something that I don't.
But I love you.
I love you as a friend,
I love you
as somebody I respect.
Somebody who...
Look, I should probably
just stop talking.
[sniffles]
I should go.
Good.
[elevator bell dings]
[dogs barking in distance]
Logan?
Valerie?
[music box playing
"Ode to Joy" softly]
♪
Valerie? Hello?
[footsteps descending stairs]
[gasps]
Logan.
Where's Valerie?
I was trying to save her.
I had to cut it out.
It was killing her.
Oh, my God. What did you do?
What did you do?!
[music box continues playing]
[gasping]
[screaming]
♪
Hello?
David?
Grace?
I was told you were responsible
for my release.
That's overstating things.
It's not.
God knows what you did.
And God knows
what you'll do next.
Thank you.